Textual inference problems often arise in data and knowledge
management and necessitate some level of ``common sense" inference
that relies of identifying relations such as {\em ancestor} and {\em
sibling} among concepts.  We have developed a robust and accurate
machine learning approach to this problem, using a small number of
annotated examples. We have shown results that are significantly
better than existing methods, showing that our approach generalizes
well across semantic classes and handles well concepts that are not
mentioned in Wikipedia.  The key lesson from the success of our
approach has to do with our combined learning and global inference
approach. Our machine learning approach makes use of Wikipedia
resource, but views it as an open and noisy resource; this is
augmented with a novel use of a constraint-based inference model that
allows us to make these decisions more robust.  The key technical step
needed to improve our method further is to better generate concepts
that are related to the target concepts, so that our global inference
method becomes even more effective. Along with this, future research
will include an evaluation in the context of supporting textual
inference applications.

%%% Local Variables: 
%%% mode: latex
%%% TeX-master: "jupiter"
%%% End: 
